[](url)# Entry 2
### Software and Hardware I Have Found Pertaining to My Topic
* 1st search: “online education websites used in schools”
* 1st website looked into: https://www.albert.io/blog/educational-teacher-websites/
    * After I looked at that website it contained a list of many other websites including the [The New York Times Learning Network](https://www.nytimes.com/section/learning/lesson-plans) which is the first website I looked at
    * https://static01.nyt.com/images/2016/09/19/learning/LNBandsLN/LNBandsLN-facebookJumbo.png 
    * This stood out to me because the NY Times published a lot of tech/privacy articles in the past before, especially recently during the pandemic with          the fast adaptation of online learning tools having to completely replace the standard classroom at times
    * The website supports tor network, and even has a .onion website that you will automatically be redirected to if you have the setting enabled to always     * prioritize the version of sites ending in  .onion over their normal url [.onion website (only works in tor browser/network)]( https://www.nytimesn7cgmftshazwhfgzm37qxb44r64ytbb2dj3x62d2lljsciiyd.onion/section/learning/lesson-plans)
    * Some educational websites, like [Trello](https://trello.com), get alerted when they detect Tor users, but do not block them, only requiring a quick         human verification.
    * https://s3.amazonaws.com/digitaltrends-uploads-prod/2016/07/trello.jpg
    * Some websites do not use cloudfare correctly the way, say, deltamath does, which only on android/mobile has a quick cloudflare verification, or uses         it to target and block Tor users. For sites like the grading site [Jupiter](jupiter.ed) the cloudflare prompt loads infinitely, but this problem is          solved by going through the startpage search engine and connecting to the anonymous view proxy before that proxy which the site sees connects to the         site. This doesn't work on for more serious services such as google classroom, which even when the startpage proxy was able to access it, could not         load services like google docs, slides, or drive, so I have been doing more research on how to facilitate my prototype since blog entry 1.

### How I Expanded On the Knowledge of My Topic Since Entry 1. 
Since blog entry 1, I have further researched my topic and how to achieve my specific goal which is meant to address and solve the problem which I defined which is limited access to online educational services needed to facilitate education through an anonymous, more so psuedononymous and compartmentalized means. I further researched which vpns can actually be used over tor browser to add an extra hop after/replace the publicly posted and known tor exit relays and mask from a website the fact that you are accessing it through tor browser by having the website see the vpn ip address instead. In all of the guides to do this, they only mentioned how to add the second, custom installation of tor that will have its traffic be routed through a vpn before entering and being seen by the website server on the linux system Tails. I could not find any reliable guides for any vpns except for [anonymous vpn](https://vpn.sn/) but due to its dedication to the privacy of the user, as well as its own privacy, anonymous vpn only accepts payment in the form of crypto. I tried researching other vpns such as express vpn, which accepts credit/debit, but [the guide for configuring express vpn over tor in tails](https://www.privacyaffairs.com/vpn-with-tails/) being to cryptic, lacking of necessary details, and hard to follow, as well as lacking any clear details on how to download the required vot.sh script which for anonymous vpn, is as simple as as typing 
```
vpn.sn/vot.sh
``` 
into the browser. 

### Engineering Design Process
Following my research, I expanded on my design to ultimately facilitate my prototype. I downloaded Tails, and have done extensive research on how to acquire a crypto currency. Cryptocurrency doesn't have to involve investing tons of money on hardware and electricity to mine bitcoin fortunes, as is often stigmatized and was the extent of my knowledge about the topic prior to my research. It is the best tool for anonymous payment when used properly over Tails, as well as being a useful day to day tool which is faster than traditional money transfer. In my use case, I would have to get a lower valued crypto currency which anonymous vpn accepts, this involving signing up to an accepted crypto transfer and buying the needed amount of that crypto with a regular identity-linked payment method in which the funds are held on what is referred to as a custodial wallet, wherein the funds encrypted on the private key which holds access to the wallet are held by the 3rd party site service, and subsequently not the user's. Electrum is installed by default on Tails, and allows the user to make a wallet wherein the server-held assets are transferred to the user's wallet which is now noncustodial and stored on their local machine, which on Tails is also encrypted from the start, where they hold the private decryption key and can freely and anonymously send crypto over Tor. 

### Skills
A skill I expanded upon was problem decomposition. When gauging this problem when I first began tinkering a couple months ago, it was very overwhelming, and as I broke apart the problem into smaller more understandable parts, first seeing which vpns even work over Tor, all of them only supposedly working for Tails OS, which I knew was my next step in facilitating my prototype. When I finally found a vpn that was supported my problem was getting it. All of this seemed overwhleming at first, but I broke apart the problem into smaller pieces and at my step in the engineering design process, I can already guage a clear path of where I need to go to make my prototype work.

Another skill I subsequently improved upon was logical reasoning, I saw which details, such as that vpn script, were needed to facilitate my prototype and that some guides did not include this script, so I knew what was needed to ensure that vpn supported my use case. I also logically broke apart my use case with crypto, and how it naturally fits into systems like Tails and browsers and networks like Tor, facilitating the safest, most user-controlled environment throughout all aspects of the user's ever increasing digital life.


[Previous](entry01.md) | [Next](entry03.md)

[Home](../README.md)
