# Entry 1: Consumer Services Shaping Education
### Choosing a Topic
The topic I chose was consumer services and their role in education, having a strong focus on the social implications the use of these service has when they are responsible for handling student's data and student's entire identities which ties into political organization as this is the industry that directly impacts how society and aspects such as education are structured; being completely responsible in the case of breaches of this data. This way, political organization would be my backup idea and was my initial idea in terms of importance, but there is not much really to write about it as an industry in terms of how it impacts which consumer services are used to facilitate education, so I just stuck with the merger of those other two. Some interesting links about this topic include: 
* [Shift to online learning ignites student privacy concerns](https://www.iapp.org/news/a/shift-to-online-learning-ignites-student-privacy-concerns/) 
* [Social media use in distance learning raises privacy concerns](https://www.k12dive.com/news/teachers-turn-to-social-media-raising-privacy-concerns/586538/)
* [Protecting Student Privacy While Using Online Educational Services](https://studentprivacy.ed.gov/training/protecting-student-privacy-while-using-online-educational-services)
* [Privacy Concerns in the Age of Expanding Online Education](https://www.onlineeducation.com/features/privacy-concerns-in-the-age-of-online-education)

### Engineering Design Process
I am currently in the first stage of the engineering design process, where the main goal is to define the problem. The problem that I hope to solve with my project is that many educational services block access to their websites through Tor browser. Tor browser is the only tool that allows the user to access websites without them seeing the user's real IP address and subsequently, location by routing all traffic over the Tor network, and uses isolation features built into the browser to isolate all browser activity from the rest of the activity on the operating system. The most private and secure way to access educational services where you must sign in with your real identity is through Tor browser as the information inputted into the browser is not associated with the rest of the activity on the operating system. But perhaps, if sites block access through the Tor network, accessing them through Tor browser would require the use of a different network. This way, my goal is to make educational services that block the Tor network accessible through Tor browser by configuring an installation of the browser to route all of its traffic through a VPN service instead of the Tor network.                                                                                        

[Next](entry02.md)

[Home](../README.md)
