# Entry 3: Attaining Free And Compartmentalized Access To Your Education Online

### Context
  In my previous blogs, I have been referring to [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0GMU7sVECI) as the only sufficient guide for configuring a VPN over Tor in Tails. What the tutorial did not go over, however, was the payment method for users who want to use crypto and be fully anonymous, a choice which the company ultimately made themselves after they already published those videos; no longer accepting non-crypto payment methods as of writing blog 3. A new, revamped and polished tutorial needs to be available, as the guides by Anonymous VPN are not sufficient for most users who do not use crypto, or really now anything about it. The guide must explain what I had to research on my own; how to attain crypto currency and how to use it.

### Engineering Design Process
  During my research of this project, I needed to attain a more reliable workstation as my Surface tablet with its usb keyboard was not reliable for day-to-day, non touch-screen enabled operation on Tails and other Linux distros. As soon as the keyboard let down and I had to reinstall Windows just to use the tablet, my budget allowed me to either purchase a new one or a cheap laptop. I found that an Amazon refurbished 2017 Macbook Air was my best and only option for this project.

  What I found shortly after booting Tails, though, was the computer's internal wifi adapter's incompatibility with the Linux operating system. It has something to do with proprietary software installed on the driver, meaning software that subsequently hinders customizability of the entire computer and the use of open source systems such as Tails, as with that software, the hardware it is installed on is the "intellectual property" of Broadcom and/or Apple and technically doesn't belong to the user even though they bought the entire device. The use of *their* hardware only extends as far as the intended operation which 95% of users of the Apple device are performing anyways, plugging in an external adapter to the present second usb-A port in the old Macbook being the only solution.

  I found that this is an issue on almost all Linux systems, definitely all of the ones I tried on the Macbook, and that I would have the best chance of getting wifi if I plugged in an [external wifi adapter which I know supports Tails,](https://tails.net/doc/anonymous_internet/no-wifi/index.en.html) ultimately finding documentation from the official Tails website wherein the Panda wireless PAU05 device was listed, I looked into the compatibility of the adapter, os, and laptop, finding this [video of the PAU05 adapter being used on an old Macbook air to get wifi on Tails,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUNALbMQ_RM) most likely the 2015 or 2017 model, before purchasing it.

### Brainstorming Part B
  With the strife I have faced with hardware throughout my projects, it is very evident that the software which I desire for my operation, and the software which hinders that operation *solely* relies on the hardware running it. With the ever growing dependance of online services for education, schools must provide a device to all students, one third of all K-12 schools distributing school issued devices as of 2017. The use of online services, mostly Google classroom, and distribution of devices to students has increased, and the technology for better and worse, has gotten more complex, allowing Google to collect more and more data on students, neither Google nor the government having any incentive to invest money in technically literate developers to allow their services to be accessed pseudonymously over Tor where the rest of the user's operation is anonymous, as those services are part of the same government monitoring systems Google is relied upon to facilitate.

### Finalizing Content
I have my content sorted into four parts:
  1. Context, where I describe the purpose behind my freedom project; what is missing in the industry, which in this case is student privacy and online educational services which block Tor.
  2. The software that needs to be used and at some points paid for (the crypto currency and VPN it will be spent on) to access google classroom and other educational services which     block Tor (Part A/Blog 2, 3 and 4)
  3. The hardware that must be purchased to access the software and subsequent services and how this hardware differs from that of DOE/Google provided chromebooks (Part B/Blog 3)
  4. Setting everything up to create a working prototype of a configured Tor Browser that can access Google classroom, especially the DOE gatewayed login, while still hiding the user's location and having all operation undergone in an amnesic browser. I will also discuss future inventions, and where to go from my current prototype.

### Skills
  1. How to Research: How to Google wouldn't be appropriate to say for this instance since I am researching about how essentially, Google takes advantage of its agency over all of the different types of software and hardware consumers use to manipulate search results, which is problematic when students rely on Google and their software designed for those purposes to access all of their education. When researching wifi issues in Tails on a Macbook, I only found so many results, most of which giving jargon on how to code some setup in the terminal which can not even be saved in the persistent storage in Tails anymore. But upon researching adapters and the possibility of an external adapter working for Tails if the system can not find the internal one, I found many results and narrowed my search down to compatibility with the operating system. Upon finding a wireless wifi adapter I knew worked with Tails, listed on the official website, I was then able to research that adapter with my model macbook, in which a video came up with my exact computer and that wireless adapter, testing that the solution definitely worked before buying the drive.

  2. Problem decomposition: Once again, I took apart the challenge I was facing into understandable fragments. From my initial research on wifi not working in Tails on the 2017 Macbook air, I found tutorials for outdated versions of Tails where you could configure commands entered into the terminal to be stored in persistent Storage. This setting no longer exists on Tails and I thought that the entire computer may have been incompatible with Tails but upon researching adapters, I found ones that support my device, and upon narrowing down my search to only the adapters that support tails, I found a solution, even further narrowing my search by researching the adapter, Tails, and my laptop model, prompting a video of that adapter being used in Tails on a Macbook very similar to mine. Upon purchasing the drive and having access to wifi, I have created a persistent storage volume on my Tails drive, and set up a wallet in Electrum, which I will go over about, as well as purchasing and transferring crypto into the wallet to be able to use, in blog 7.


[Previous](entry02.md) | [Next](entry04.md)

[Home](../README.md)
